The nose and ears never stop growing.
A newborn baby's eyes are blue or gray.
Koalas have fingerprints that are so similar to humans that they can be confused at crime scenes.
The shortest commercial flight is 1.7 miles long.
The world's largest desert is Antarctica.
Water can boil and freeze at the same time under specific conditions.
Bananas glow blue under black lights.
Baby rabbits are called kits.
The Earth is the only planet in our solar system known to support life.
The largest library in the world is the Library of Congress.
The body's largest organ is the skin.
Human teeth are as strong as shark teeth.
A day on Earth is not exactly 24 hours, it's about 23 hours and 56 minutes.
A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.
The human brain is about 60% fat.
The cornea of the eye has zero blood flow.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
Honey never spoils.
A day on Mars is about 24 hours and 37 minutes.
A group of ferrets is called a business.
You cannot smell while you sleep.
The Eiffel Tower grows taller in the summer due to thermal expansion.
The Earth has more water than land.
About half of the bones in your body are in your hands and feet.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Kangaroos cannot walk backward.
The brain is the fattiest organ.
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on all the Earth's beaches.
There are more than 2000 thunderstorms on Earth every minute.
A group of swans is called a bevy.
The human body loses about 50-100 hairs a day.
The human brain cannot feel pain.
Polar bears have black skin under their white fur.
Snakes smell with their tongues.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Cows moo with different regional accents.
The Earth's core is soft and liquid, not solid.
The largest active volcano in the world is Mauna Loa in Hawaii.
The shortest war in history lasted only 38 to 40 minutes.
The human heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
A blue whale's heart is so large that a human could swim through its arteries.
There are more bacteria in your body than human cells.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
A group of toads is called a knot.
A group of rhinos is called a crash.
A group of cats is called a clowder.
The human body has about 100,000 hairs on the head.
A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
The human heart beats about 115,000 times a day.
A group of crows is called a murder.
Lightning can be hotter than the surface of the sun.
